= minitest-test

Minitest::Test for MiniTest 4

== DESCRIPTION:

Minitest 5 test API in MiniTest 4.

Do you love the API changes made in Minitest 5 but are forced to stay
on MiniTest 4? No problem. This small library will enable much of the
Minitest 5 test API for you. Simply <tt>require "minitest/test"</tt>
in your helper or your test file and you are good to go.

    require "minitest/test"
    require "minitest/autorun"

    class TestFoo < Minitest::Test
      def test_foo
        assert_equal "foo", Foo.new.foo
      end
    end

Best of all, this is forwards compatible with Minitest 5.

== INSTALL:

Install with rubygems.

    gem install minitest-test

== DEVELOPERS:

Fork the project from the
{GitHub repository}[https://github.com/blowmage/minitest-test].

After checking out the source, run:

    $ gem install hoe
    $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests, and
generate the RDoc. Now you are ready to create and submit a patch.

Create an issue or pull request on the
{blowmage/minitest-test}[https://github.com/blowmage/minitest-test] repo
that links to a branch on your repo or a gist of your patch.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Mike Moore

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
